# New project title
This readme is used as a guideline for the project and to intruduce new developers as easy as possible

This project is about bla bla...

When creating something new that needs documentation, please add a section and description of it here. This could be structe for base-view-controllers, API-integration, unit tests etc.


## Overall project structure
The project is written in native for both iOS and Android. A custom build-phase is done on iOS to share colors and strings from Android to iOS. Git is used for version control and branches should be rebased before merge. Create a branch for new features and merge a branch by creating a pull request.

- The master branch is used for deliveries. When a delivery is to be made, merge current state of develop to master and create a tag explaining the state
- The develop branch is used for developing. Merge features from the feature branches into develop. Only extremely small fixes as bumbping version number etc. are allowed to be pushed directly to develop
- New features and minor fixes are placed as a sub-branch under feature/{branch-name}. Create a pull request when properly tested and cleaned up.

## Style guide
A style guide need to be decided for the project. Here are some examples:
- https://github.com/NYTimes/objective-c-style-guide
- https://github.com/raywenderlich/objective-c-style-guide
- https://github.com/github/objective-c-style-guide

Or perhaps a good idea is to create a custom iOS style guide that can be used in all future projects

One idea is to use an auto-formatter
 - http://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html
 - https://github.com/travisjeffery/ClangFormat-Xcode

## Code reviews
Code reviews are performed by pull requests. It is never allowed to merge your own pull request. Code reviews are NOT personal, they are not to be taken as an insult or blame on someones work. They are to help the project and increase overall quality. Be humble when reviewing, but be accurate with the content. If you think something is incorrect, make a comment rather then let it pass, but remember to help instead of blame. Remember this quote "not too rough, nor too sloppy."

Reviewing pull requests might be more important than opening your own. Pull request are not supposed to pile up. Before creating one, you review one if it exists. Reviewing pull requests isn’t something that we should be doing in our spare time or when we are idle - it is part of your daily workflow. You should make a habit out of helping your colleagues to ship great features and quality code as they should help you to do the same. And remember that giving your attention and time to review the work of someone else is the greatest proof that you care about his work.

### Creating a pull request
When creating a pull request, please consider the following:

- Create a well explained pull request. When writing, pretend you’re describing the changes to a person who is not in the context of the problem.
- Answer to questions and comments that will come.
- Don’t take it personally. Nobody is doing it in order to make you feel bad or let you uncomfortable among other developers.
- Make sure you fully understand the other alternatives before choosing one of them or keeping the solution you’ve provided. If you did not fully understand why somebody asked you to change something, ask for explanations and/or examples.
- Always be humble. Learn from your mistakes.

###### The following should be made when creating a pull request
1. Remove all unnecessary print outs
2. Remove all unused and outcommented code
3. Make sure the code conforms to the styleguide
3. Make sure the feature is thoroughly tested
4. Check your commit messages and make sure they are reasonable, "fix stuff" is not.
5. Rebase your feature against develop
6. Perform a pull request with the following:
    - Purpose/description of the pull request
    - List of features/changes made in the pull requests
    - Steps to test the pull request
    - Link to corresponding feature card on (trello?)


### Reviewing a pull request
This is the most important part of developing. Consider the following when reviewing:
- Look out for [code smells](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_smell) in the code that should be removed to avoid future problems with the code.
- Share, whenever possible, different solutions for a given problem through pointing code examples. The examples can come from another project or written by you just for illustration purposes.
- Don’t be afraid of asking for documentation when necessary. Many times the discussions generated by a pull request should be added to the project in the form of documentation, even things related to specific parts of the code or the development workflow of the project. Documentation should be added to this readme.
- Have a goal to always comment on something on each pull request.
- Appreciate the quality of the work of your team :)

###### The following should be made when accepting a pull request
1. Check for any unnecessary print outs
2. Check for any unused and outcommented code
3. Check that the code conforms to the styleguide
4. Review the code!
3. Test the feature thoroughly with the provided test-steps
4. Test the feature thoroughly on your own
4. Verify that the pull request is rebased with latest develop, new things could have been added to develop after the pull request was made.
5. Accept the pull requsst
6. Delete the feature branch

## Cusom build phase

A biuld phase is made to sync colors and strings from android bla bla...

## Delivering a new version
Perform the following steps when creating a new delivery:

1. Make sure the current state of develop is ready for delivery
2. Merge delivery into the master branch
3. Create a tag on the master branch explaining the delivery. For example "AppStore_V1.0.3"
